all right everybody how's it going for
those of you don't know me my name is
James Taylor and I'm a little pumping a
little excited I just got that from the
gym from doing Tim Ferriss is famous
kettlebell swings and I got a lot of
energy from that about to throw some
chicken breasts in my George Foreman
grill but i wanted to share with you
guys some quick recipes some slight
modifications from Tim's latest book the
4-hour body if you haven't picked up
your copy yet the 4-hour body by Tim
Ferriss it's going to change your life
but let's get straight to it so I'm
gonna get those chicken breasts in the
food in the George Foreman grill but i
want to share with you a little
alteration on Tim's a special bean
recipe now in Tim's Vogue who talks a
lot about beans now our beans have a lot
of sustained cards which means it's
going to give you energy for much longer
than white rice or white bread would ok
so those kinds of carbohydrates are good
for you now if you're if you're a little
bit like me you know you've lost you've
lost quite a bit of weight but you're
kind of at that point where you want to
stay you want to get a little bit of
extra boost a little bit of extra cards
not just from beans in your diet so I'm
going to share a little trick with you
let's see I'm going to bring these up
closer you can see i'd buy these there's
two kinds of beans i buy i need to buy
the trader joes on canned black beans
which i find our absolutely delicious
and you don't have to drain those if you
if you if you buy you know beans that
are in a bag like this remember to drain
them or it's a little bit of a problem
later on with those you know those
issues that can come along but let me
share what i do so i usually buy this
from both these from costco the first is
at being sprouted bean trio i hope you
guys can see that and what this is is
it's about for organic different kinds
of beans they taste delicious it's quick
to make on the stove and what I'll do is
I'll mix about half this with half rice
medley though now this medley it's got
you know like four different California
Rice's in there it's very delicious and
what I'll do is at the beginning of the
week I'll make a big batch and say two
cups of beans and two cups of rice and
I'll keep it all in a Tupperware for the
whole week and like Tim said like Tim
Ferriss says in his book do few
meals and be consistent with them and
this seems to work for me okay so I I
keep both the mix here I got just enough
in there for today's meal so I'm coming
up to I got to make a new batch that's
the way to do it now chicken let's talk
about chicken real quick so costco
chicken the chicken cheapest chicken you
can buy is at costco their price per
pound is a lot cheaper than safeway a
lot cheaper than Albert zones or your
regular chain supermarket so I get about
16 chicken breasts so there's two
chicken breasts in each pack and it
comes in a long thing like this of eight
packs two per pack 16 chicken breasts
you get all that for something like
depending per pound anywhere from 20 to
25 25 bucks depending on the weight of
the entire pack but it's a lot cheaper
than buying it at safeway and what I'll
do is I'll cut these up individually
just like this one I'll freeze them in
the morning when I do my breakfast you
know I'll just throw it out and it's
ready to go my George Foreman grill
another thing George Foreman grill is
amazing for bed about cleaning up that
stove with all the oil and all the stuff
just grab a little bit of your Pam
throwing the George Foreman grill grill
it for about six minutes per chicken
breast and and you're good to go get
those beans in there make a little bit
of a salad if you're going to make a
salad I highly recommend seasoned rice
vinegar you can buy to set your trader
joe's this one's from trader joe's you
can buy it at your safeway come close
this is really good on salad it's really
lean doesn't have a lot of sodium in it
and its really really tasty okay so
check that out no breakfast let's talk
about breakfast what do I do for
breakfast I get most of my cards in
during breakfast and here's what i do i
mix my famous quick arose about a couple
quick arose okay some flax seed again
trader joes flaxseed about three bucks
for this whole bag it will last you
three months worth of breakfast so
little sprinkle of the flaxseed now
flaxseed is good or is good it'll help
you you know help you in the bathroom
you know get all that business done and
you want to mix this this and you want
to mix one last thing and where is it
again costco Mariotti albums this thing
will last you forever so you kind of
just grab some of these good pass from
almonds you need these you sprinkle
about that much on top for your cereal
put a little bit of fat free milk in
there 23 minutes in the microwave
depending on
syston see that we like and you got your
breakfast all taken care of about 50
minutes later good old protein here no
car protein very important no carbs on
this kind of protein why no cars because
I already got my carbs from my Quaker
Oats so forget about the cards and your
protein that you're going to take you
know right after your breakfast this has
about 50 grams of protein per two scoops
it's isopure so if you're lactose
intolerant this is the good stuff I'm
not lactose intolerant I just happen to
think this is a great bang for your buck
now 50 it's a little words then said but
here's the catch you get 50 grams per
two scoops whereas more believe the
standard tends to be four scoops for 50
grams okay so you're not really paying
you know perp serving you're not going
to take that much now this one on the
other hand has carbs this is Monster
Mash myofusion cyto gainer these brands
have a lot of carbs in there if you're
trying to increase you know lean mass
lean muscle and you're not trying to
lose a lot of weight you want to get
your cards in especially after your
workout so check out monster mass I
prefer this one over say myofusion
recital Gator because it's a little
thicker so I'll take this about two and
a half to three hours after breakfast to
kind of hold me out so that lunch time
where I fire up the George Foreman grill
so yeah check that out monster mass let
me see what else I help for you oh yeah
very excited last night Tim Ferriss
announced that he's doing this this
event he threw this event I'm called
opening the kimono where he takes some
entrepreneurs and he teaches them
everything he knows and the reason I'm
creating these videos is because I
really want to make it to that event the
event is ten thousand dollars but Tim
Ferriss is giving away one scholarship
is giving away one spot to this effects
so the person that is more motivated and
puts out the best youtube video that
tells him why that person should go so
my video is going to come out pretty
soon I just wanted to spend some time
with you and share a lot of other things
that I've taken from the 4-hour body you
know and kind of kind of you share the
knowledge with you guys that's really
all about what I'm going to do if i win
the
kimono contest simple I've got my new
startup coming out it's my mortgage
crunch com it's an application software
application designed for loan originator
so I'm going to take all the knowledge
from the kimono contest I'm gonna ply to
my new business my mortgage crunch calm
and I'm going to make it happen Tim
you're the best if you haven't checked
it out before our body once I want to
charge of our contest Seth I like my
steak medium rare I'll see you guys soon